Update Data_handling.md (#1517)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/codingguidelines/Protocol/Data_handling.md

- Add a PageButton "\[Table Name\] Config…" above the table that contains:

>   - A read/write parameter "\[Table Name\] Auto Removal Delay" that has an appropriate range (low and high) and a "Remove Immediately" exception value. When the table is updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A read/write parameter "\[Table Name\] Auto Removal Delay" that has an appropriate range (low and high) and a *Remove Immediately* exception value. When the table is updated:
```

>   - A read/write parameter "\[Table Name\] Auto Removal Delay" which has an appropriate range (low and high) and a "Remove Immediately" exception value. When the table is updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A read/write parameter "\[Table Name\] Auto Removal Delay" that has an appropriate range (low and high) and a "Remove Immediately" exception value. When the table is updated:
```

>     - If parameter is set to "Remove Immediately", remove missing entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the parameter is set to *Remove Immediately*, remove any missing entries.
```

>     - Otherwise, for all missing entries, compare this configuration with the "Missing Since" date and remove the row(s) if needed. If the "Missing Since" is empty, fill it in with current date time and update the "Status" column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Otherwise, for all missing entries, compare this configuration with the "Missing Since" date and remove the row(s) if needed. If the "Missing Since" field is empty, enter the current date and time, and update the *Status* column.
```

>     - Otherwise, for all missing entries, compare this configuration with the "Missing Since" date and remove the row(s) if needed. If the "Missing Since" field is empty, enter the current date and time, and update the *Status* column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Otherwise, for all missing entries, compare this configuration with the *Missing Since* date and remove the row(s) if needed. If the *Missing Since* column is empty, enter the current date and time, and update the *Status* column.
```

  - A button "Remove All \[Content Type\]" to remove all missing or old entries.

  - Table:
    - A column containing buttons to remove a missing entry.

>     - A "Status" column allowing to alarm on missing entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A "Status" column that allows alarms for missing entries.
```

>     - A "Status" column that allows alarms for missing entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A *Status* column that allows alarms for missing entries.
```

>     - A "Missing Since" datetime column (saved) allowing to display since when the entry is considered missing. This column is also used for the logic regarding the removal delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A "Missing Since" column (saved) to display the data and time when an entry is considered missing. This column is also used for the logic regarding the removal delay.
```

>     - A "Missing Since" column (saved) to display the data and time when an entry is considered missing. This column is also used for the logic regarding the removal delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A *Missing Since* column (saved) to display the data and time when an entry is considered missing. This column is also used for the logic regarding the removal delay.
```
